Add Testing Documentation (#33)
kyma-project/eventing-publisher-proxy: docs/contributor/01-00-testing.md

# Testing

> This document provides an overview of the testing activities used in this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Eventing Publisher Proxy uses the following testing activities:
```

## Unit Tests and Env-Tests

> To run the unit and integration tests, the following command must be executed. The command ensures that all necessary tooling is executed in case changes to the source code were made, or if this is your first time to execute the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the unit and integration tests, you must run the following command:
```

```sh
make generate-and-test
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The command ensures that all necessary tooling is executed if the source code changed, or if this is your first time to execute the tests

```

## E2E Tests

Because E2E tests need a Kubernetes cluster to run on, they are separate from the remaining tests.
The E2E tests are executed on any PR using [GithubActions](https://github.com/kyma-project/eventing-publisher-proxy/actions/workflows/e2e.yml).

> For local execution, you need to follow the steps in the [action](../../.github/workflows/e2e.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For local execution, follow the steps in the [action](../../.github/workflows/e2e.yml).
```

As Prerequisites, you need:

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to build the EPP image.
  ```sh
  make docker-build docker-push IMG=<container-registry>/eventing-publisher-proxy:<tag>
  export EPP_IMAGE=$IMG
  ```
- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)

> - Access to a Kubernetes cluster (e.g. [k3d](https://k3d.io/) / k8s)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to a Kubernetes cluster (like [k3d](https://k3d.io/) or k8s)  
```

# Testing

The Eventing Publisher Proxy uses the following testing activities:

## Unit Tests and Env-Tests

> To run the unit and integration tests, you must run the following command:

Reviewer: for better consistency, we should pick one word - either "env-tests" (like in the headline) or "integration tests" (like in the text).

Author: Done

```sh
make generate-and-test
```
The command ensures that all necessary tooling is executed if the source code changed, or if this is your first time to execute the tests

## E2E Tests

Because E2E tests need a Kubernetes cluster to run on, they are separate from the remaining tests.
The E2E tests are executed on any PR using [GithubActions](https://github.com/kyma-project/eventing-publisher-proxy/actions/workflows/e2e.yml).
For local execution, follow the steps in the [action](../../.github/workflows/e2e.yml).

> As Prerequisites, you need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As prerequisites, you need:
```

sorry I missed this yesterday

Author: Done
